---
story_base_url: books
---

You browse around the history section and [something something]

## 7a. various other sections
they're all sorta dead-ends but need a little color

## 8. the unlabelled room
You go past the beaded curtain into a small square room with no bookshelves, but with stacks of books from floor to ceiling along every wall

several different choices based on books you see

## 8a..n various books
dead ends but need some color

## 8 n+1: a curious book
You notice a book with your own name on the spine, about halfway up the wall. The book is about as thick as your arm, and looks to be very, very old

at this point can choose to take down the book or keep browsing, if keep browsing go back to previous

## 9 Take down the mysterious book
The mysterious book is wedged tightly into its stack, but you're able to slowly slide it out by wiggling it from side to side. As you pull it free, you notice some light coming from the gap it leaves behind. Just after you pull it free, the books in the stack above slide down to fill the gap... and you notice that instead of having a one-book-tall gap at the top of the stack, a new book seems to have appeared to fill the gap!

GO TO 
* pull out some more books
* open the mysterious book with your name on it

## 10 pull out some more books
You carefully pull out another book [one of the ones listed in steps 8a..n] and the same thing happens: there's some sort of light source behind the books, that you can briefly see, the books slide down, and a new book appears.

GO TO
* open the mysterious book
* pull out even more books

## 11 open the mysterious book
You open the mysterious book, but every page is blank

GO TO
* pull out more books
* this room is creepy, get out of here

## 12 pull down more books
You quickly pull more books out of the stacks, and before the hole closes up you catch a glimpse of some kind of room beyond the books...

Trying to get another look, you pull out even more books, then [goto 14]

## 13 get out of the mysterious room
You're pretty creeped out. You turn to leave the room, but the beaded curtain is gone... all four walls of the room are covered floor to ceiling in stacks of books.

GO TO
* try to find a way out (14)

## 14 avalanche!
You go to pull another book from the stack, but it feels pretty stuck. You pull and you pull... and when the book comes loose, you tumble across the room and crash into the wall of books, which promptly avalanches down over you!

Dozens of books rain down on you, and as you scramble away you see that now a whole section of the wall is cleared of books. Books are falling down from the ceiling where the stacks used to be, at a regular rate of about one per second, seeming to appear out of thin air... and instead of actual walls, you see that this room seems to have walls made entirely of books.

Beyond the opened up section of book-wall, you see there is a dark hallway running from left to right in front of you, with damp, dark stone walls and sputtering torches.

GO TO 
* explore left
* explore right
* (something else?)

